---------------
Release 1.0
---------------

KNOWN ISSUES:

* When IE is used in courses viewable only for enrolled users, the video does not play in URL module pop-up display setting.
The referer determines the course enrolled users. Referer in the pop-up display cannot be acquired when using IE, thus unable to decide on the enrolled user.

* Fake referers are enabled to view videos of unregistered courses. 
The referer determines the course enrolled users. Viewing videos of unregistered courses are enabled with referers created using fake referer software.

* Velocity modulation, fast-forward, and fast-rewind functions are disabled in iOS full screen.
When playing a video in full screen on iOS, the video is played with a video player unique to iOS. Therefore velocity modulation, fast-forward, and fast-rewind functions are not embedded.

* When video play is interrupted due to PC force-quit, smartphone screen change or Web browser closing, the event is not acquired to restart from the position it stopped playing.
Accumulates the following two data to analyze the last played position:

	1)	The latest record of the current time
	2)	Wowza log

* Acquires the event using JavaScript for video.js, writing data to files using PHP file_put_contents function.
Does not follow Syslog standard having the possibility to lose some data when loads of events and traffic congestion occurs.

* When setting the appearance to "embed" in Moodle URL module, the full-screen button does not work in some browsers.

    ÅEWorks on:
    (Windows) Edge, Chrome
    (Android) Chrome

    ÅEDoes not work on:
    (Windows) IE,FireFox
    (MacOS) Safari
    (iOS) Safari

There is no description (webkitallowfullscreen, mozallowfullscreen, allowfullscreen) to allow full screen in the Moodle source code for an embedded display.

    (Suggestion 1) Do not select "embed" as an appearance in the URL module.
    (Suggestion 2) Use the page module and directly describe an iframe.